his quickness leverage his determination
desired that were miraba special he
wanted to get to the quarterback trying
to separate them from the ball what he
did was affected what he could do to the
point where he was unblockable one of
the things I've told the scouts if he
drafted you want to keep does the
defensive player you love watching good
pass-rushers it's got a nice been he's
got some speed he also has power I got
to figure out how to dodge Robert Mathis
all night trying to complete a few
passes so I hope I can win that
challenge Robert Mathis the master of
the sack me whatever it took oh yeah the
Visegrad even picture just gotta get
some kind of pressure on his mind set
his leadership his passion for football
is work ethic he's relentless after
watching Robert and watching his work
happens him being the successful was not
surprised at all okay Hines Ward joins
us now Hines Robert Mathis with Dwight
Freeney played together for a decade in
Indianapolis renia since moved on to San
Diego Mathis at age 32 getting it done
made me better than ever with the Colts
yeah and playing the coast defense those
two guys were the only guys you really
had to worry about because you knew both
of them are great pass rushes but we
felt like running the ball we were go
run the ball more towards Dwight Freeney
side because he was more concerned with
getting sacks and really not stopping
the run whereas math is he was a more
complete guy because not only was he a
great pass rusher he was a girl he was a
great run stopper as well in and at the
age of 32 like you said he's still
causing havoc in the backfield well you
would know you had to block as a
blocking tight end all
but you know it's interesting I really
think that that Mathis this year has a
shot at stray hands record and here's
why in the past he's had to play on the
left side and of course for any would
play on the other side what I didn't
know we just learned this weekend is
that he's left-handed and his whole
career all he wanted to do is play on
the right hand side they finally move
him to that side the Russian the Terrell
Suggs side another thing he's got 11 to
have sex after seven games so this is an
opportunity for this guy to be featured
and he's taken advantage of it info we
just got Arian Foster with a hamstring
injury will play and will start for the
Texans and Ben Tate other running back
bad ribs he also is available so that's
something Mathis have to deal with good
news for Case Keenum for sure how
certainly is and back to New York we
going down hi Bob set the scene here
Tony you're coaching the Colts one of
your Scouts hands you a tape it's Robert
Mathis what are you thinking I didn't
know anything about him this says hey
he's a little guy he's from a small
school but you have to see this tape we
put the tape on it's granny is from all
these different angles I didn't really
want to watch it but the more you see
you saw this guy playing faster than
anybody there was about 200 plays like
this ban kickoff coverages punt
coverages fumbles calls sacks I said is
this guy for real and you know he was it
was the best highlight tape other than
Barry Sanders that I've ever seen but
the fact that it was a small school
that's probably why he lasted until the
5th and he's so quiet too right yeah and
memo to Chris he got seventy five sacks
on the left side